README.md, before:

# Team Newline (Team19)
## Meet the Team!
### Team Description
We are team newline, a team of 5 students working together to create a scalable and efficient system for Scarborough Local Immigration Partnership (LIP). Using Spring and React, we are hoping to work together with the client to create a web application that would suit the needs of our clients - In hopes not only getting a good grade, but creating something meaningful for society.

### Team Members
 - Jialiang Lin
 - Vishawaa Patel
 - Frederic Pun
 - Qingtian Wang
 - Chaoyue Xi
 
## Updates
- ### September 30, 2018
  - [First deliverable](/deliverables/Deliverable%201.pdf) submitted (For Google docs version, please click [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10R4eUT8t7S9bMyE419sDi5Y_WpQnNaqdZXlWzeGU2yk/edit))
  - Readme updated with team information
- ### October 13, 2018
  - [Second deliverable Personas](/deliverables/Deliverable%202%20Personas.pdf) submitted (For Google docs version, please click [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IPvpMrey6qEu2fw03TVhNmMvcM_TUOfNXmWQOIp1vY8/edit))
  - [Second deliverable User Stories](/deliverables/Deliverable%202%20User%20Stories.pdf) submitted (For Google docs version, please click [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16fhmX-chJY9m91buPyDh9L-Vk1MHAtsgmak4zgIba5E/edit))

Commit message:

Added information regarding our main repo in VSTS

README.md, after:

# Team Newline (Team19)
## Meet the Team!
### Team Description
We are team newline, a team of 5 students working together to create a scalable and efficient system for Scarborough Local Immigration Partnership (LIP). Using Spring and React, we are hoping to work together with the client to create a web application that would suit the needs of our clients - In hopes not only getting a good grade, but creating something meaningful for society.

### Team Members
 - Jialiang Lin
 - Vishawaa Patel
 - Frederic Pun
 - Qingtian Wang
 - Chaoyue Xi
 
## Notice
- Our main repository is on [VSTS](https://dev.azure.com/cscc01f18), we would use this to store deliverables only. It is organized into 3 repositories
  - [**Front-end:**](https://dev.azure.com/cscc01f18/Front-end) Contains our front-end application created using React
  - [**Back-end:**](https://dev.azure.com/cscc01f18/Back-end) Contains our Back-end application created using Spring
  - [**Deliverables:**](https://dev.azure.com/cscc01f18/Deliverables) Contains all our deliverables for this course

## Updates
- ### September 30, 2018
  - [First deliverable](/deliverables/Deliverable%201.pdf) submitted (For Google docs version, please click [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10R4eUT8t7S9bMyE419sDi5Y_WpQnNaqdZXlWzeGU2yk/edit))
  - Readme updated with team information
- ### October 13, 2018
  - [Second deliverable Personas](/deliverables/Deliverable%202%20Personas.pdf) submitted (For Google docs version, please click [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IPvpMrey6qEu2fw03TVhNmMvcM_TUOfNXmWQOIp1vY8/edit))
  - [Second deliverable User Stories](/deliverables/Deliverable%202%20User%20Stories.pdf) submitted (For Google docs version, please click [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16fhmX-chJY9m91buPyDh9L-Vk1MHAtsgmak4zgIba5E/edit))
